README.md, before:

# Quick Stable Diffusion Web UI Docker Setup

This repository provides a simple Docker and Docker Compose setup for running the [AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui).

It's designed to be a very fast, quick, and dirty method to get a containerized instance of the web UI up and running with minimal configuration.

## How It Works

This setup essentially automates the steps outlined in the official [Install and Run on NVidia GPUs](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui/wiki/Install-and-Run-on-NVidia-GPUs) guide within a Docker container.

When you run `docker-compose up -d`, it will:
1.  Create a local folder named `sd-data`.
2.  Clone the latest version of the `stable-diffusion-webui` repository into it.
3.  Install dependencies and launch the web UI.

All models, outputs, and configuration will be stored in the `sd-data` folder on your local machine.

## Updating or Resetting

To update the web UI to the latest version or to perform a clean reset, simply stop the container (`docker-compose down`), delete the local `sd-data` folder, and run `docker-compose up` again. This will re-download everything from scratch.

Commit message:

Move most files to a docker volume
The rational is to increase the IO performance on Windows during initial
provisioning.

All volatile files are still in the local filesystem so that the docker volume can be discarded without data loss.

In addition, the manual installation of CLIP is removed as the upstream has fixed the issue.

README.md, after:

# Quick Stable Diffusion Web UI Docker Setup

This repository provides a simple Docker and Docker Compose setup for running the [AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui).

It's designed to be a very fast, quick, and dirty method to get a containerized instance of the web UI up and running with minimal configuration.

## How It Works

This setup essentially automates the steps outlined in the official [Install and Run on NVidia GPUs](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111/stable-diffusion-webui/wiki/Install-and-Run-on-NVidia-GPUs) guide within a Docker container.

When you run `docker-compose up -d`, it will:
1.  Clone the latest version of the `stable-diffusion-webui` repository into it.
2.  Install dependencies and launch the web UI.

All models, outputs, and configuration will be stored in the `works` folder on your local machine.

## Updating or Resetting

To update the web UI to the latest version or to perform a clean reset, simply stop the container (`docker-compose down`), delete the volume (`docker volume rm sd-docker_sd-data`), and run `docker-compose up` again. This will re-download everything from scratch. The volatile files such as models and generated pictures remain safe
